The rapidly growing network of physical objects embedded with sensors, software, and other technologies that collect and exchange data with over devices and 
databases is known as the Internet of Things (IoT).  The explosion in these devices has driven the development of small, wireless power sources and has 
become a focal point in the design of small-scale, low power devices. A particular field of interest to tackle this need is the one surrounding the microscale 
energy harvesting technologies. Energy harvesters are small devices that operate by converting ambient energy into electrical power. Among many forms of 
ambient energy, vibration is one that is ubiquitous and sufficient to drive energy conversion. Compared to piezoelectric and electromagnetic vibration energy 
harvesters (VEHs), electrostatic energy harvesters (e-VEHs) are attracting more attention due to their compatibility with silicon-based technologies. Furthermore, 
they also have an added advantage of on-chip integration with power conditioning and sensing circuitry. 

The research I am currently working on is on the development of models to accurately represent the complex dynamics of such electrostatic harvesters. These 
harvesters are modeled as a coupled two-mass system which is a highly non-linear system. As external excitation is applied to the devices, the central shuttle
mass oscillates within the frame. The mobile electrodes attached to the shuttle vary the capacitance of the circuit with the anchored electrodes of the frame 
and forces current through the load resistor. The work is a continuation of work in Dr. Borca-Tasciuc’s research group and I will link three publications in 
particular from which this work is based.

1.	Effectiveness of Energy Transfer versus Mixing Entropy in Coupled Mechanical–Electrical Oscillators
2.	A predictive model for electrostatic energy harvesters with impact-based frequency up-conversion
3.	Modeling of kinetic to electrical conversion via capacitive MEMS with switchable dielectric

In the model I created, various forces are attributed to the output and the subsequent “ringing” which occurs by the oscillation of electrodes after collision. 
The highly non-linear system means it is difficult to determine the relationship between various parameters and forces. For example, the relationship between 
electrostatic and damping forces is important for “pull-in”, where the electrodes do not uncouple after collision because the damping force is too small. Difficult
to determine by hand, a machine learning model would be ideal for making connections between forces and providing insight into a variety of correlations that I or
other researchers would not be able to identify. The algorithms I would use for this data is both KNN and regression models. For large samples of data, both labeled 
and unlabeled, KNN would be great to see how various data points may be obtained by a varying set of parameters. Furthermore, regression of scaling/fitting and 
geometric parameters may affect frequency sweeps and output voltages. Plotting multi-dimension contour plots of voltages with respect to multiple variables may also 
be valuable to visualize data; further providing insight into parameter relations. Overall, the amount of data that can be collected from the model, coupled with the
highly complex and multi-variable parameters of the non-linear system is ideal for machine learning models. This is a valuable attribute machine learning models that
analytical solutions are unable to handle. Furthermore, seaborn library is great for combining and visualizing the data.
